Flutter Desktop Docs (#3464)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/flutter.mdx

</Note>

<Note>

> Support for Flutter for Desktop/Web is available as a Beta. Features available in Beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Flutter's Desktop is available as a Beta. Features available in Beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
```

Reviewer: Web support is available since always, so it's not Beta, it's just limited in features
